some ways. Ah, my work colleagues and I socialize after work are either
doing events where we can bring all of our families to like picnics,
things like that. For example, whenever we would go Ah, before we
go out on employment, we usually have some sort of family day for everybody
within the platoon. We'll do it on a weekend. Well, do it somewhere.
Whether it's at the beach or park are at some other kind of
venue where all the families can get together. Significant others
kids, all that kind of mingle and meet, discuss and kind of build that
camaraderie not only as the platoon in the group but also to is the
supporting family members that might have to kind of support one
another while we're away as well as support us while we're gone, you
know, on deployment